Compiling
Program compiles without error.
Line number:

Running
Program runs without error according to requirements.
Line number:

daemonID init
Client & Server processes initialize daemonID field of gameBoard
Line number: 780 & 1101

send SIGHUP
Goldchase process sends SIGHUP to client/server when joining or leaving game
Line number: 415 & 655

Socket init
When a client connects to the socket, the map is successfully sent across the socket.
The client successfully initializes shared memory.
Line number: 1081 to 1100

Trap SIGHUP
When Goldchase game processes join or leave the game on the client,
the client daemon traps the SIGHUP signal sent by the game process and
writes to the socket according the "Socket Player" protocol. [same behavior for the server]
Line number:  967 & 689

Process "Socket Player"
When server reads the "Socket Player" protocol from the socket,
if a player joined the game on the client, the server creates that player's message queue
(and registers to receive SIGUSR2 if a message is placed on the queue).
If a player left the game on the client, the server removes that player's message queue.
[same behavior for a client reading the "Socket Player" protocol]
Line number: 874 & 1123

Trap SIGUSR2
When a message is sent from a game process on the client to a game process on the server,
the client daemon traps the SIGUSR2 signal, reads the message on the queue,
and writes the message to the socket according to the "Socket Message" protocol.
[same behavior going the other direction: server to client]
Line number: Not implemented, tried but removed as it was not working.
          then caused problems.

Process "Socket Message"
When the server reads the "Socket Message" protocol from the socket,
the message is written to the message queue of the intended recipient
(and that message is displayed on the recipient's screen)
[same behavior for client reading "Socket Message" protocol]
Line number: Not implemented, tried but removed as it was not working.
          then caused problems.

Trap SIGUSR1
When a move is made by a game process on the client,
the client daemon traps the SIGUSR1 signal sent by the game process and
writes the map data to the socket according to the "Socket Map" protocol.
[same behavior going the other direction: server to client]
Line number: 937 & 659

Process "Socket Map"
When the server reads the "Socket Map" protocol,
it updates the shared memory and sends a SIGUSR1 signal to each game process
running on the server (which the game processes trap and redraw their maps).
[same behavior for client reading "Socket Message" protocol]
Line number: 926 and 1181

Daemon integration
The client and server are integrated into the goldchase executable to start as daemons.
Line number: -
